hey
welcome to sports days I'm Lindsay
here's babe talking about the Golden Boy
of the NFL mr. Brady Quinn all right
there's a lot of debate talking about is
he going to go number one number two is
it going to be between him and jamarcus
russell i definitely think those are the
two best quarterbacks going into the
draft great arm strength great size
accuracy velocity those guys have the
tools to be great NFL quarterbacks but i
don't think that brady quinn is going to
go number one number two or number three
you look at this draft and it's really
about what player fits best with what
team you look at last year's draft matt
leinart and everybody was talking about
him going number one and he went number
ten so I think Brady coin is actually
going to be a little late in the draft
but let's look what makes him a very
valuable player Brady quit probably the
best characteristic that he has is he
has great timing and touch on those deep
balls he's a polished player he's a
great decision-maker he's very familiar
with the NFL often speak of Charlie Weis
and Charlie Weis used to be the
offensive coordinator for the Patriots
he's also does have some weakness though
in the pocket presence I think he needs
to work on that and I also think that he
needs to be with a team that really
gives him good pass protection because I
think he has a tendency to foursome
throws and I also think that needs to
work on his mobile game a little bit
he's not as consistent as he should be
with making plays with his feet but
still I think that he is one of those
players that with great preparation and
great coaching that he really will do
well and he'll he'll improve on all of
this weaknesses he's very similar to Tom
great ok so let's look at this draft you
look at the oakland raiders they have
the first pick I don't see them going
with Quinn just because I think they're
going to go with Calvin Johnson or if
they do go with the quarterback I think
it's going to be JaMarcus Russell he's
got that big old arm and I think he
really fits better with their offensive
style Detroit at number two I think
they're going to go with an NFL tackle
probably not going to be coin and then
you look at the Cleveland Browns they're
probably gonna be tempted to take Quinn
but I think they're going to take Adrian
Peterson and then you look at the Box in
the cards they don't really need Quinn
and then you look at the Redskins I
think they need defense more than they
need a quarterback so that leaves the
Vikings at number seven I don't see them
passing on Quinn I see them taking him
and
do take him they could use him as trade
bait but if they do pass on him then I
think the Dolphins number nine that
they'll pick up Quinn I actually think
out of all the teams the Dolphins need
him the most he would shine the most on
their team they need his leadership and
they need his accuracy so I hope that he
goes that late in the game ok now it's
either gonna be number seven or number
nine that's my prediction but no matter
what round he goes in I think that Brady
Quinn is gonna be an amazing NFL
quarterback alright guys thanks for
watching sports face and I'll see you
next time
you